# 04-24-24 Lead Meeting with Dev

## Agenda
1. Update Dev on what we have been doing
   1. show him trello board
      - explain we are doing task list  
      - explain how we are distributing tasks
   2. show him github issues
      - explain to him how we are doing PR conventions
   3. show him UI design
   4. show him framework design
   5. Tell Dev our "reach idea"
2. Ask Dev for feedback on our development process / software design
3. Ask Dev additional questions

## Questions for Dev
1. will there be a writeup on accepting criteria of each topic or is it flexible?
2. how should we go about writing the review of the process? 
   - Do we just talk about what we did each day, what issues we ran into etc?
3. could you tell us a little bit about what the teaching staff is expecting for the SWOT analysis?
   -  ~How many words per section?
4. how long should the video be?
5. in terms of providing an update doc before meetings, do you want us to DM you or just push to our github?
6. for the feedback form, do we just send it out to our team and let them know it's due weekly on sundays?

## Notes
- prof is going to ask us to make video
- they're gonna pick best video
- dev said we should share link to trello board
> will there be a writeup on accepting criteria of each topic or is it flexible?
- rubric is based on effort
- team is putting in effort
- rubric = outcome. he wants something minimal with good user experience
- prof wants us to focus on the process
> how should we go about writing the review of the process? 
- justify deisgn choices
- why we picked what we picked
- small pros and cons. bullet points for each
- engineering ways of evaluating choices
> could you tell us a little bit about what the teaching staff is expecting for the SWOT analysis?
- no limit on min length we need
- left up to us. want to make sure we're using correct choices
- as long as we make logical choice, we're good to go
> how long should the video be?
- need to get back to us. prof hasn't rly outlined
- will let us know asap
> what do you think of our pokémon reach idea?
- dev likes it. he thinks it's a good shot for best widget
- he told us it's good to have a good simplistic version done before we attempt