
# Standup Meeting Notes

## Meeting Details

- **Date:** 05/31/2024
- **Time:** 14:00
- **Duration:** 
- **Attendees:**
  - Phoebe
  - Kenneth
  - Ali
  - Andy
  - Umar
  - James
  - Kabir
  - Shravi

## Agenda
- Powell Notes
- Updates on what we're working on

## Powell Feedback
- Instead of trello, use github project - https://github.com/orgs/cse110-sp24-group30/projects/1
  - moved the board over to github repo
  - has issues linked
- UI feedback 
  - icons highlight difference
  - put solid color behind components so easier to see
- Data feedback
  - use localstorage if enough (5-10 MB)
  - use sql later if needed
- API calendar
  - kenneth thinks we should do private implementation for now before looking into api
  - ali and umar had similar thoughts
  - powell mentioned if API goes down, it's our problem
  - worried abt time for implementing our own
- Formatting. Code uniformity
  - will all install prettier with default settings
  - in terms of coding style, we will continue to do code review and feedback
- Cleaning out old branches
  - going to delete all the irrelevant ones

## Work Session Goals
- Todo
  - shravi and nathan are working on add functionality for TODO
  - andy working on due dates and categories 
  - Umar will work with todo team
  - james will look into edit
  - ali will help with calendar
- Journal
  - sanjith changes on PR
- Calendar
  - Kabir working on calendar
- Dashboard
  - Phoebe working on CSS