# Sprint 1 Review Meeting Notes

## Meeting Details

- **Date:** 04/29/2024
- **Time:** 04:00 PM
- **Duration:** 45 minutes
- **Sprint Number:** 1
- **Attendees:**
  - Kabir
  - Phoebe
  - Andy
  - James
  - Ali
  - Kenneth
  - Umar
  - Shravi
  - Nathan
  - Sanjith


## Reflection

Kabir
- Helping review PRs, organizing tasks, and documenting
- gazing at team -> understanding team members' work styles and strengths
- helped debug and

Andy
- more frontend to see how he can help (html)
- later helped Umar with HP bar part
- issues
  - styling JS. reached out to Umar and Phoebe

Umar
- worked together with Andy on HP bar
- if reached something beyond knowledge, referred to Phoebe, Kenneth, and Shravi
- would like to work on frontend knowledge
- would like people to be more involved in beginning

Shravi
- would like people to be more involved
- started with backend. some people worked on something she was working on so creating issues to stay communicated would be great
- worked on frontend confetti effect, task list css, nathan inventory help

Ali
- was working on a task but somebody else ended up working on the same thing -> clearer communication
- worked with kenneth on setting up tasks (time, due dates, parsing of task data)
- frontend (logo and centering divs. organizing divs)
- improvements -> clearer communications
- want more in-person hacking times. got a lot done (establish meeting time. ok if not everyone can make it)

Sanjith
- wrote code for reading json file. added a few things to json file
- worked with nathan and shravi for pokÃ©mon inventory
- also like the in-person peer programming session
- more specific roles for tasks coming up

James
- did UI stuff (CSS). some js
- thought he did go into project a bit late but will fix for final project
- liked in-person programming. easier for him to figure what what he can do

Nathan
- started with making UI layout. later moved on to catching pokemon
  - display pokemon in taskbar. add to inventory
- worked with sanjith and shravi with removing the pokemon
- didn't have too many issues with working with teammates
- was more clear on how he could contribute towards the end and appreciated immediate feedback in-person

kenneth
- spent most time working on parsing json and displaying with tasks list on webpage
- problem -> add more functionality. for widget to be more user friendly (function to add tasks)
- found that some functions wouldn't be finished towards the end

Phoebe
- worked on designing UI and framework
- would like to work on designing for the final product
- thankful that people were communicating and contributing
- will work on making tasks a bit more clear for the final project so not as confusing

# questions
1. do we like idea of frontend and backend?
   1. initial it was good but in terms of the bigger project, we should set up main framework of what we need, and assing base on tasks
   2. people might get more experience doing frontend and backend
   3. it would be easier for someone to take care of both ends when they are experienced with a specific features
   4. split on tasks rather than "black and white" frontend and backend
2. Do people think trello board is helpful?
   1. Ali found it helpful. should write a bit more description about what the tasks are about + assign who's working on what
   2. shravi also thinks it's helpful to synchronize it with github
   3. Phoebe finds it helpful to visualize the team's progress
3. How was the sprint review for people? any ideas for changes?
   1. we chilling
